README.md, before:

# Awesome Thymer

> A curated list of awesome Thymer plugins, themes, guides, and resources created by the community.

[Thymer](https://thymer.com) is a note-taking and productivity app. This list collects community-created extensions and resources.

## Contents

- [Plugins](#plugins)
  - [App Plugins](#app-plugins)
  - [Collection Plugins](#collection-plugins)
- [Themes](#themes)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

---

## Plugins

### App Plugins

App plugins extend the entire Thymer application with global features.

- [Indent Rainbow](https://github.com/ahpatel/thymer-indent-rainbow) - Enhanced hierarchy visualization with rainbow-colored indent guides
- [PDF Export](https://github.com/gitdaveuk/thymer-pdf-export-plugin) - Export notes to PDF
- [Quick Capture](https://github.com/gitdaveuk/thymer-quick-capture-plugin) - Quickly capture notes from anywhere
- [SyncHub](https://github.com/riclib/thymer-synchub) - Sync architecture for external data sources
- [Thymer Importer](https://github.com/phildrysdale1/thymer-importer) - Import notes from other note apps
- [Save to Thymer](https://github.com/zakblf/save-to-thymer) - About
Save web pages to Thymer collections with custom templates and property mapping
- [Google Drive Previewer](https://github.com/Bambouri/Thymer-Google-Drive-Previewer) - Allows you to preview google drive links inside of Thymer
- [Thymer Charts](https://github.com/Braffolk/thymer-charts) - Thymer plugin for creating and using charts


#### Dev Examples
- [Broadcast Demo](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/app-plugins/broadcast) - Real-time messaging between users
- [Clock Plugin](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/app-plugins/clock) - Status bar clock demo
- [CSS Plugin](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/app-plugins/css) - Custom CSS injection demo
- [Navigate to Journal](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/app-plugins/navigate-to-journal) - Status bar button to open journal
- [Robot Cursor](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/app-plugins/robot-cursor) - Fun cursor customization demo
- [Weather Plugin](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/app-plugins/weather) - Weather display in status bar

---

### Collection Plugins

Collection plugins extend specific note collections with custom views, formulas, and functionality.

- [Media Tracker](https://github.com/afroviking/thymer-media-plugin) - Track books, movies, and TV shows you've read or watched
- [Weekly Journal](https://github.com/ed-nico/thymer-weekly-journal) - View this week's journal pages side by side

#### Dev Examples
- [Custom Property Render](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/custom-prop-render) - Custom rendering and sorting for table properties
- [Filter Dropdown Choices](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/filter-dropdown-choices) - Dynamic dropdown filtering based on other fields
- [Globe View](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/globe-view) - Interactive 3D globe custom view
- [Kanban Card Button](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/kanban-card-button) - Add custom buttons to kanban cards
- [Kanban Dependencies](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/kanban-dependencies) - Task dependencies on kanban boards
- [Kanban WIP Limits](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/kanban-wip) - Work-in-progress limits per column
- [Org Chart](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/org-chart) - Organogram/hierarchy visualization
- [Real-time Property](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/real-time-property) - Live-updating property values
- [Simple List View](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/simple-list-view) - Basic custom view implementation
- [Table Custom Sort](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/table-custom-sort) - Custom sorting logic for tables
- [Table ID Constraint](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/table-id-constraint) - Unique ID validation for records

---

## Themes

Custom CSS themes and visual customizations.


- [Thymer Catppuccin Mocha](https://github.com/niklashog/Thymer-Catppuccin-Mocha)
- [Thymer Solarized](https://github.com/phildrysdale1/Thymer-Solarized-Theme/)
- [Thymer-Chocolatey-Brown](https://github.com/gitdaveuk/Thymer-Chocolatey-Brown-Theme/tree/main)
- [Thymer Logseq](https://github.com/gitdaveuk/Logseq-theme-for-Thymer)


---

## Contributing

Contributions welcome! Please read the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

To add a resource:
1. Fork this repository
2. Add your resource to the appropriate section
3. Submit a pull request

### Formatting

Use this format when adding items:

```markdown
- [Resource Name](url) - Brief description of what it does
```

---

Commit message:

Add Word Count and Pomodoro Timer plugins to README
Added links for Word Count and Pomodoro Timer plugins.

README.md, after:

# Awesome Thymer

> A curated list of awesome Thymer plugins, themes, guides, and resources created by the community.

[Thymer](https://thymer.com) is a note-taking and productivity app. This list collects community-created extensions and resources.

## Contents

- [Plugins](#plugins)
  - [App Plugins](#app-plugins)
  - [Collection Plugins](#collection-plugins)
- [Themes](#themes)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

---

## Plugins

### App Plugins

App plugins extend the entire Thymer application with global features.

- [Indent Rainbow](https://github.com/ahpatel/thymer-indent-rainbow) - Enhanced hierarchy visualization with rainbow-colored indent guides
- [PDF Export](https://github.com/gitdaveuk/thymer-pdf-export-plugin) - Export notes to PDF
- [Quick Capture](https://github.com/gitdaveuk/thymer-quick-capture-plugin) - Quickly capture notes from anywhere
- [SyncHub](https://github.com/riclib/thymer-synchub) - Sync architecture for external data sources
- [Thymer Importer](https://github.com/phildrysdale1/thymer-importer) - Import notes from other note apps
- [Save to Thymer](https://github.com/zakblf/save-to-thymer) - About
Save web pages to Thymer collections with custom templates and property mapping
- [Google Drive Previewer](https://github.com/Bambouri/Thymer-Google-Drive-Previewer) - Allows you to preview google drive links inside of Thymer
- [Thymer Charts](https://github.com/Braffolk/thymer-charts) - Thymer plugin for creating and using charts
- [Word Count](https://github.com/gitdaveuk/Thymer-Word-Count-Plugin) - A word count for Thymer
- [Pomodoro Timer](https://github.com/gitdaveuk/thymer-pomodoro-timer) - A pomodoro counter for Thymer


#### Dev Examples
- [Broadcast Demo](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/app-plugins/broadcast) - Real-time messaging between users
- [Clock Plugin](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/app-plugins/clock) - Status bar clock demo
- [CSS Plugin](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/app-plugins/css) - Custom CSS injection demo
- [Navigate to Journal](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/app-plugins/navigate-to-journal) - Status bar button to open journal
- [Robot Cursor](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/app-plugins/robot-cursor) - Fun cursor customization demo
- [Weather Plugin](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/app-plugins/weather) - Weather display in status bar

---

### Collection Plugins

Collection plugins extend specific note collections with custom views, formulas, and functionality.

- [Media Tracker](https://github.com/afroviking/thymer-media-plugin) - Track books, movies, and TV shows you've read or watched
- [Weekly Journal](https://github.com/ed-nico/thymer-weekly-journal) - View this week's journal pages side by side

#### Dev Examples
- [Custom Property Render](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/custom-prop-render) - Custom rendering and sorting for table properties
- [Filter Dropdown Choices](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/filter-dropdown-choices) - Dynamic dropdown filtering based on other fields
- [Globe View](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/globe-view) - Interactive 3D globe custom view
- [Kanban Card Button](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/kanban-card-button) - Add custom buttons to kanban cards
- [Kanban Dependencies](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/kanban-dependencies) - Task dependencies on kanban boards
- [Kanban WIP Limits](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/kanban-wip) - Work-in-progress limits per column
- [Org Chart](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/org-chart) - Organogram/hierarchy visualization
- [Real-time Property](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/real-time-property) - Live-updating property values
- [Simple List View](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/simple-list-view) - Basic custom view implementation
- [Table Custom Sort](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/table-custom-sort) - Custom sorting logic for tables
- [Table ID Constraint](https://github.com/thymerapp/thymer-plugin-sdk/tree/main/examples/collection-plugins/table-id-constraint) - Unique ID validation for records

---

## Themes

Custom CSS themes and visual customizations.


- [Thymer Catppuccin Mocha](https://github.com/niklashog/Thymer-Catppuccin-Mocha)
- [Thymer Solarized](https://github.com/phildrysdale1/Thymer-Solarized-Theme/)
- [Thymer-Chocolatey-Brown](https://github.com/gitdaveuk/Thymer-Chocolatey-Brown-Theme/tree/main)
- [Thymer Logseq](https://github.com/gitdaveuk/Logseq-theme-for-Thymer)


---

## Contributing

Contributions welcome! Please read the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

To add a resource:
1. Fork this repository
2. Add your resource to the appropriate section
3. Submit a pull request

### Formatting

Use this format when adding items:

```markdown
- [Resource Name](url) - Brief description of what it does
```

---
